GAME OF THRONES
Episode 10
Look at me!
Remember me. boy?
Remember me now?
There's a smart boy.
You'll be coming with me. boy.
And you'll be keeping your mouth shut.
- Keep your mouth shut. boy.
- I'm not a boy.
Not a smart boy.
that what you're trying to say?
Do you want to live. boy?
North. boy.
We're going north.
It had three eyes.
It told me to come with him.
so I did.
We went down
into the crypts...
And my father was there.
Your father's not down there
little lord.
Not for many years yet.
You're afraid. Just like Hodor.
I'm not afraid of some hole
in the ground.
You've lived beyond the Wall.
What are you scared of?
I'm a crippled boy
and I'm willing to go there.
That's my grandfather.
Lord Rickard.
He was burned alive
by Mad King Aerys.
That's Lyanna.
my father's sister.
King Robert was supposed
to marry her.
but Rhaegar Targaryen
kidnapped her.
Robert started a war
to win her back.
He killed Rhaegar.
but she died anyway.
That's where I saw father.
You see? He's not here...
Here. Shaggydog.
Rickon!
That beast is supposed to be
chained in the kennels...
He doesn't like chains.
What are you doing down here?
Come back up with us.
No. I came to see father.
How many times have I told you.
he's in King's Landing
with Sansa and Arya...
He was down here.
I saw him.
- Saw him when?
- Last night. When I was sleeping.
Here. Shaggydog!
You both miss him.
It's only natural he'd be
in your thoughts and dreams.
but that doesn't mean that...
Bran...
My Lady...
Robb.
Robb!
You've ruined your sword.
I'm going to kill them all.
Every one of them.
I'll kill them all.
My boy...
They have your sisters.
We have to get
the girls back.
And then
we'll kill them all.
The boar's great tusks.
they boded ill
for good King Robert's health.
And the beast was every bit
as fat
as Robert was himself.
But our brave king cried.
Do your worst !
I'll have your ugly head !
You're nowhere near
as murd'rous as
the lion in my bed.
King Robert lost
his battle and
He failed his final test
The lion ripped
his balls off and
the boar did all the rest.
Very amusing!
Isn't it a funny song?
Thank you for the rendition.
I imagine it was even better
received in that tavern.
I'm so sorry. your Grace...
I'll never sing it again.
I swear...
Tell me. which do you favor:
your fingers or your tongue?
- Your Grace?
- Your fingers? Or your tongue?
If you got to keep one.
which would it be?
Or I could just
cut your throat.
I... every man needs hands.
your Grace.
- Good. Tongue it is.
- Your Grace. please. I...
Ser Ilyn. Who better than you
to carry out the sentence?
I beg of you please no...
Your Grace. please.
I'll never sing it again.
I'm done for today.
I leave the rest of the cases
to you. Mother.
Your Grace. please.
You look quite nice.
- Thank you. my lord.
- Your Grace. I'm king now.
Walk with me. I want
to show you something.
Do as you're bid. child.
And as soon as you've had your
blood. I'll put a son in you.
Mother says
it shouldn't be long.
No... please. no.
This one's your father.
this one here.
Look at it and see
what happens to traitors.
- You promised to be merciful!
- I was. I gave him a clean death.
Look at him.
Please. let me go home. I won't
do any treason. I swear it...
Mother says I'm still to marry you.
so you'll stay here. and obey.
Look at him!
- Well?
- How long do I have to look?
As long as it pleases me.
- Do you want to see the rest?
- If it please your Grace.
That's you Septa. there.
I'll tell you what: I'm going
to give you a present.
After I raise my armies
and kill your traitor brother.
I'm going to give you
his head as well.
Or maybe
he will give me yours.
My mother tells me a king
should never strike his lady.
Ser Meryn.
Here. girl.
Will you obey now?
Or do you need another lesson?
I'll look for you in court.
Save yourself some pain. girl.
Give him what he wants.
You'll be needing that again.
The proper course is clear:
pledge fealty to King Renly
and move south to join
our forces with his.
Renly is not the king.
You cannot mean to hold
to Joffrey. my lord.
- He put your father to death.
- That doesn't make Renly king.
He's Robert's youngest brother.
Bran can't be lord of Winterfell
before me. and Renly
can't be king before Stannis.
So do you mean
to declare us for Stannis?
My lords!
Here is what
I say to these two kings!
Renly Baratheon is nothing
to me. nor Stannis neither.
Why should they rule over me
and mine. from some flowery seat
in the south? What do they know
of the Wall or the wolfs wood?
Even their gods are wrong!
Why shouldn't we rule
ourselves again?
It was the dragons we bowed to.
and now the dragons are all dead!
There sits the only king I mean
to bend my knee to.
The King of the North!
I'll have peace
on those terms.
They can keep their red castle
and their iron chair. too.
The King in the North!
- Am I your brother. now and always?
- Now and always.
My sword is yours.
in victory and defeat.
from this day
until my last day.
The King in the North!
- Lady Stark.
- I want to see him. Now!
Leave us.
You look lovely tonight.
Lady Stark. Widowhood becomes you.
Your bed must be lonely.
Is that why you came?
I'm not at my best but I think
I could be of service.
Slip out of that gown
and we'll see if I'm up to it.
- I do like a violent woman.
- I'll kill you tonight. ser.
Pack your head in a box
and send it to your sister.
Let me show you how.
Hit me again. over the ear.
And again. and again.
You're stronger than you look.
it shouldn't take long.
That is what you'd like the world
to believe.
that you don't fear death.
But I don't.
The dark is coming for all of us.
Why cry about it?
Because you're going to the deepest
of the seven hells. if the gods just.
What gods are those?
The trees your husband prayed to?
Where were the trees when he was
getting his head chopped off?
If your gods are real.
and if they are just.
why is the world
so full of injustice?
Because of men like you.
There are no men like me.
Only me.
My son. Bran.
How did he come
to fall from that tower?
I pushed him out the window.
Why?
- I hoped the fall would kill him.
- Why?
You should get some sleep.
It's going to be a long war.
I can't believe we are
actually at war.
Was it this exciting last time.
when you were young?
What does it say?
Have we captured Robb Stark yet?
What's our next move?
Shut up
and get back into bed.
They have my son.
The Stark boy appears to be
less green than we'd hoped.
I've heard his wolf killed
a dozen men and as many horses.
Is it true
about Stannis and Renly?!
Both Baratheon brothers
have taken up against us.
Jaime captured. his armies
scattered... it's a catastrophe.
Perhaps we
should sue for peace.
There's your peace. Joffrey saw
to that when he decided
to remove Ned Stark's head.
You'll have an easier time
drinking from that cup
than you will getting Robb Stark
to the table now.
He's winning.
in case you hadn't noticed.
I'm told we still have
his sisters...
The first order of business
is ransoming Ser Jaime.
No truces.
We can't afford to look weak.
We should march on them
at once...
First we need to return
to Casterly Rock...
They have my son.
Get out. All of you.
Not you.
You're right
about Eddard Stark.
If he were alive.
we could have used him to broker
a peace with Winterfell
and Riverrun.
which would have given us time
to deal with Robert's brothers.
But now...
Madness.
Madness and stupidity.
I always thought
you were a stunted fool.
- Perhaps I was wrong.
- Half wrong.
I'm new to strategy. but unless
we want to be surrounded
by three armies.
it appears we can't stay here.
No one is staying here.
Ser Gregor will head out
with five hundred riders
and set the Riverlands on fire
from God's Eye to the Red Fork.
The rest of us will regroup
at Harrenhal.
- And you will go to King's Landing.
- And do what?
Rule. You will serve as Hand
of the King in my stead.
You will bring the boy king
to heel. and his mother. if need be.
And if you get a whiff of treason
from any of the rest:
Baelish. Varys. Pycelle...
Heads. spikes. walls?
Why not my uncle.
or... anyone. Why me?
You're my son.
One more thing: You will not take
the whore to court.
Do you understand?
Ser Jorah...
Gently...
My son... where is he?
I want him.
Where is he?
The boy did not live.
- Tell me.
- What is there to tell?
How did my son die?
He never lived. my princess.
The women say...
What do the women say?
- They say the child was...
- Monstrous. Twisted.
I pulled him out myself.
He was scaled like a lizard.
blind.
with leather wings like
the wings of a bat.
When I touched him the skin fell
from his bones.
inside he was full
of graveworms.
I warned you that only death
can pay for life.
You knew the price.
Where is Khal Drogo?
Show him to me.
Show me what I bought
with my son's life.
As you command. lady.
Come. I will take you to him.
- Time enough for this later.
- I want to see him now.
The khalasar is gone.
A khal who cannot ride is no khal.
The Dothraki follow only the strong.
I'm sorry. my princess.
Drogo...
My sun and stars.
Why is he out here alone?
He seems to like the warmth.
Princess.
He lives. You asked for life.
You paid for life.
This is not life.
When will he be as he was?
When the sun rises in the west
and sets in the east.
When the seas go dry and mountains
blow in the wind like leaves.
Leave us.
I don't want you alone
with this sorceress.
I have nothing more to fear
from this woman.
Go.
You knew what I was buying.
and you knew the price.
It was wrong of them
to burn my temple.
It angered the Great Shepherd.
This was no god's work.
My child was innocent.
Innocent?
He would have been the Stallion
Who Mounts the World.
Now he will burn no cities.
His khalasar will trample
no nations into dust.
- I spoke for you. I saved you.
- Saved me?
Three riders raped me
before you saved me. girl.
I saw my god's house burn.
where I had healed men and women
beyond counting.
In the street
I saw a pile of heads.
The head of the baker
who made my bread.
The head of a boy I had cured
of fever. only three moons past.
Tell me again exactly what it was
that you saved.
Your life.
Look at your khal
and you will see exactly
what life is worth
when all the rest is gone.
You can't.
Get out of the way. Sam.
They'll put out the word.
they'll send out ravens...
people will come after you.
Do you know what happens
to deserters?
Better than you do.
- What are you going to do?
- Find my brother.
And put a sword
through King Joffrey's throat.
You can't leave us now.
We need you here.
- Move.
- I won't let you go.
- No.
- Hand of the King.
- So it would seem.
And your father said you couldn't
take anyone with you
to King's Landing.
No. he said I couldn't take you
with me to King's Landing.
He was very specific
on the point.
- He knew my name?
- What?
He said. "Don't bring
Shae to King's Landing"?
I believe he used
the word whore.
Are you ashamed of me?
You're afraid I'm going to dance
around the court
with my tits out?
I'm funny now.
I'm Shae. the funny whore.
My father's probably the most powerful
man in the country.
Certainly the richest.
He's got all Seven Kingdoms
in his pockets.
Everybody everywhere always has
to do exactly what my father says.
He's always been a cunt.
I think the ladies of the court
could learn a great deal
from a girl like you.
Why don't you come with me?
Be the Hand's lady.
Because the King needs a Hand.
and a Hand...
I know what a Hand needs.
Ghost?
Lucky you've got plenty
of padding.
We're taking you back
where you belong.
- I belong with my brother.
- We're your brothers now.
They'll kill you if they find out
you've gone.
you've come after me. Go back.
Sam told us everything.
We're sorry about your father.
But it doesn't matter.
You took the oath.
- You can't leave.
- I have to.
- You can't. You said the words.
- I don't care...
Hear my words and bear witness
to my vow.
To hell with all of you.
Now my watch begins.
It shall not end until my death.
I shall live and die
at my post.
- I am the sword in the darkness.
- The watcher on the walls.
The shield that guards
the realms of men.
I pledge my life and honor
to the Night's Watch.
For this night.
and all nights to come.
Do you remember our first ride.
my sun and stars?
If you can hear me in there. if you
haven't gone away. show me.
You're a fighter.
You've always been a fighter.
I need you to fight now.
I know you're very far away.
but come back to me.
my sun and stars.
When the sun rises in the west
and sets in the east...
Then you will return to me.
my sun-and-star.
Kings? Oh. I can tell you
all there is to know about kings.
The thing you need to understand
about kings...
Over the past sixty-seven years.
I've known. truly known
more kings
than any man alive.
They're complicated men.
but I know how to serve them.
and keep on serving them.
Aerys Targaryen.
Of all the thousand thousand maladies
the gods visit upon us.
madness is the worst.
He was a good man.
such a charmer.
To watch him melt away before my eyes.
consumed by dreams of fire and blood.
Robert Baratheon was an entirely
different animal.
A powerful man. a great warrior.
but alas. winning a kingdom
and ruling a kingdom are
rather different things.
It is said that those who go
through life with battle visors down
are often blind to the enemies
at their sides.
Now I serve his son. King Joffrey.
may the gods bless his reign.
He is a capable young man.
with a strong military mind.
Stern... but sternness in the defense
of the realm is no vice.
It is far too soon to know
what manner of king he will be.
but I sense true greatness
on the horizon
for our new king.
True greatness.
- So what's the thing?
- What thing?
About kings. You said:
The thing you need to understand
about kings...
The thing I need to...
When you started. you...
never mind.
- Let me see you out. my dear...
- It's alright. No need.
Yes. yes...
Until next time.
When you imagine yourself up there.
how do you look?
Does the crown fit?
Do all the lords and ladies
simper and bow. the ones who
sneered at you for years?
It's hard for them to simper
and bow without heads.
A man with great ambition
and no morals.
I wouldn't bet against you.
And what would you do. my friend.
if you found yourself
sitting up there?
I must be one of the few men
in this city
who doesnt want to be king.
You must be one of the few men
in this city who isnt a man.
You can do better than that.
When they castrated you. did they
take the pillar with the stones?
I've always wondered.
Have you? Do you spend much time
wondering whats between my legs?
I picture a gash like a woman's.
Is that about right?
I am flattered. of course.
to be pictured at all.
Must be strange for you. even after
all these years.
A man from another land.
despised by most. feared by all.
Am I? That is good to know.
Do you lie awake at night.
fearing my gash?
But you carry on.
whispering in one king's ear
and then the next...
- I admire you.
- And I admire you. Lord Baelish.
A grasper from a minor house
with a major talent
for befriending powerful men.
And women.
A useful talent.
Im sure you'd agree.
So here we stand. In mutual
admiration and respect.
- Playing our roles.
- Serving a new king.
Long may he reign.
My king.
My lords.
Shall we begin?
You're Arry now. hear me?
Arry the orphan boy.
No one asks an orphan
too many questions.
No one gives three shits.
- What's your name?
- Arry.
You got a long way to go
in bad company.
I got twenty this time. men
and boys all bound for the Wall.
Your lord father gave me the pick
of the dungeons.
and I didn't find no little
lordlings down there.
This lot. half of them would turn
you over to the king
quick as spit for a pardon.
The other half would do the same.
only they'd rape you first.
So keep to yourself.
and when you piss.
you do it in the woods.
alone.
You stay with this lot. boy.
And stay. or I'll lock you
in the back of the wagon
with these three.
Watch yourself. midget.
He's got a sword. this one.
What's a gutter rat like you
doing with a sword?
Maybe he's a little squire.
He ain't no squire. look at him.
Looks like a girl.
I bet he stole that sword.
Let's have a look.
I could use me a sword
like that.
- Take it off him.
- Give it here. midget.
Look at him! You better give
Hot Pie the sword.
I've seen him kick
a boy to death.
I knocked him down and I kicked him
in the balls and I kept kicking him
till he was dead.
I kicked him all to pieces.
You better give me that sword.
You want it?
I'll give it to you.
I already killed one fat boy.
I bet you never killed anyone.
I bet you're a liar. But I'm not.
I'm good at killing fat boys.
I like killing fat boys.
You like picking
on the little ones?
I been hammering anvils
the last ten years.
When I hit that steel. it sings.
You gonna sing when I hit you?
That's castle-forged steel.
- Where'd you steal it?
- It was a gift.
Don't matter now. Where we're going.
they don't care what you done.
They got rapers. pickpockets.
highwaymen. murderers.
- Which are you?
- Armorer's apprentice.
My master got sick of me.
So. here I am.
Come on. you sorry sons
of whores!
It's a thousand leagues
from here to the Wall.
and winter is coming!
Ham... How many days in a row
can a person be expected
to start the day with ham?
Get me some beer. at least.
You look exhausted. Was your
moonlight ride that tiring?
Ah. calm yourself. If we beheaded
everyone who ran away for a night.
only ghosts would guard
the Wall.
At least you weren't whoring
in Mole's Town.
Honor made you leave.
Honor brought you back.
- My friends brought me back.
- I didn't say it was your honor.
They killed my father.
And you were going to bring him
back to life? No? Good.
We've had enough
of that sort of thing.
Beyond the Wall. rangers have found
whole villages abandoned.
At night they see fires blazing in
the mountains from dusk until dawn.
A captive wildling swears their tribes
are uniting in some secret stronghold.
to what end the gods only know.
Outside Eastwatch. Cotter Pyke's
men discovered four blue-eyed corpses.
Unlike us. they were wise
enough to burn them.
Do you think your brother's war
is more important than ours?
No.
When dead men or worse come
hunting for us in the night.
do you think it matters
who sits on the Iron Throne?
- No.
- Good.
Because I want you and that wolf
with us
when we go
beyond the Wall tomorrow.
Beyond the Wall?
I will not sit here meekly and wait
for the snows.
I mean to find out
what is happening.
Night's Watch will ride in force
against the wildlings.
the White Walkers.
and whatever else is out there.
And we will find Benjen Stark.
Alive. or dead.
I will command them myself.
So I will only ask you once.
Lord Snow:
Are you a brother
of the Night's Watch
or a bastard boy
who wants to play at war?
Is this your command.
khaleesi?
Drogo will have no use for dragon
eggs in the night lands. Sell them.
You can return to the Free Cities
and live as a wealthy woman
for all your days.
They were not given
to me to sell.
Khaleesi... My queen...
I vow to serve you. to obey you.
to die for you if need be.
But let him go.
I know what you intend.
Do not.
I must.
You don't understand.
Do not ask me to stand aside
as you climb on that pyre.
I will not watch you burn.
Is that what you fear?
You will be my khalasar.
I see the faces of slaves.
I free you.
Take off your collars.
Go if you wish.
noone will stop you.
But if you stay. it will be
as brothers and sisters.
as husbands and wives.
Ser Jorah. bind this woman
to the pyre.
You swore to obey me.
I am Daenerys Stormborn.
of House Targaryen.
of the blood of old Valyria.
I am the dragon's daughter.
and I swear to you
that those who would harm you
will die screaming.
You will not hear me scream.
I will.
But it is not
your screams I want.
Only your life.
Blood of my blood.